You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You might be Considered a Redneck if...
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : Your front porch collapses and you kill more than 6 dogs
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You've ever used lard in bed
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You think potted meat and saltines are an hors d'oevre
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : There is a stuffed possum mounted anywhere in your house
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You consider a six-pack of beer and watching a bug-zapper quality entertainment Less than half of the cars you own run
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : Your mother doesn't remove the Marlboro from her lips before telling the state patrolman to kiss her ass The main color of your car is "primer"
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You honestly think women are turned on by animal noises and seductive tongue gestures Your family tree doesn't fork
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : Your wife's hairdo has ever been caught in a ceiling fan
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : Your mother has ever been involved in a fist fight at a high school sports event You've ever B-B-Qued spam on the grill
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : The neighbors started a petition concerning your Christmas lights
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : Your brother-in-law is your uncle
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You have refused to watch the Academy Awards since Smokey &
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : The Bandit was snubbed for best picture
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : The rear tires on your car are twice as wide as the front ones
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You consider True Story of Field & Stream deep reading
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You prominently display a gift you purchased ar Graceland
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : The diploma hanging in your den includes the words "Trucking Institute" Your mother keeps a spit cup on the ironing board
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You've ever worn a tube top to a wedding
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You think Dom Perignon is a Mafia leader
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : The most common phrase heard ar your family reunion is "What the hell are you looking at, Shithead?" You think beef sticks and moon pies are two of the major food groups You think Campho-Phenique is a miracle drug
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You have more than two brothers named Bubba or Junior
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You think a Volvo is part of a woman's anatomy
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You think the styrofoam cooler is the greatest invention of all time You have a rag for a gas cap
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You had a toothpick in your mouth when your wedding pictures were taken You've ever used a weed eater indoors
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : Your lifetime goal is to own a fireworks stand
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : You wait to break wind in bed so you can fan the covers on your spouse You have a fly-strip hanging above the kitchen table
You might be Considered a Redneck if... : Your matchbook doubles as a toothpick
