You Know You are Growing Older When : Everything hurts, and what doesn't hurt, doesn't work.
You Know You are Growing Older When : The gleam in your eyes is from the sun hitting your bifocals.
You Know You are Growing Older When : You feel like the morning after and you haven't been anywhere.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Your little black book contains only names ending in M.D.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Your children begin to look middle aged.
You Know You are Growing Older When : You reach the top of the ladder and find it leaning against the wrong wall.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Your mind makes contracts your body can't meet.
You Know You are Growing Older When : You look forward to a dull evening.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Your favorite part of the newspaper is "Twenty years ago today."
You Know You are Growing Older When : You turn out lights for "Economic rather than romantic reasons."
You Know You are Growing Older When : You sit in a rocking chair and can't get it going.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Your knees buckle and your belt won't.
You Know You are Growing Older When : You regret all those mistakes you made, Resisting temptation.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Your 17 around the neck, 52 around the waist, and 106 around the golf course.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Your back goes out more than you do.
You Know You are Growing Older When : A fortune teller, offers to read your face.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Your pacemaker makes the garage door go up when you see a pretty girl.
You Know You are Growing Older When : The little old gray haired lady you help across the street is your wife.
You Know You are Growing Older When : You sink your teeth in a steak, and they stay there.
You Know You are Growing Older When : You have too much room in the house and not enough in the medicine cabinet.
You Know You are Growing Older When : You get your exercise acting, as a pallbearer, for your friends who exercise.
You Know You are Growing Older When : You know all the answers but nobody asks you any questions.
You Know You are Growing Older When : You no longer grit your teeth at night, you don't sleep in the same room.
You Know You are Growing Older When : When you see your reflection, you wonder why the old person is staring at you.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Your teeth are like the stars, they come out at night.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Your hair piece, went bald too.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Your age is more than your waist.
You Know You are Growing Older When : The candles at your bithday party cost more than the cake.
You Know You are Growing Older When : By law, a fire extinguisher must be present, when they light your candles.
You Know You are Growing Older When : You are older than your doctor.
You Know You are Growing Older When : Joints that were soft, stay stiff, muscles that got stiff, now stay soft.
You Know You are Growing Older When : When you quit lying about your age, and now brag to everyone how old you are.
You Know You are Growing Older When : When you no longer have enemies, they have all died.
You Know You are Growing Older When : When you catch women, but can't remember why you were chasing them.
