Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood:
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Free your spider collection.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Grab someone's nose and don't let go.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Threaten bunnies.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Tailgate.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Short-sheet the bed.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Gnash your teeth.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Drive at 25 mph on the freeway.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Snore loudly.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Bite people.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Take the last cookie.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Jam the pay toilet door.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Put gummy stuff inside books.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Plant ragweed.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Feign serious illness.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Unscrew the salt shaker lid.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Spraypaint someone's fluglehorn.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Drop bugs on passersby.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Walk on the dinner table.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Step on some feet.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Pour honey in someone's hair. When they are visiting an ant farm.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Tickle people with a branch of poison ivy.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Soap windows.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Pour honey in the mailbox.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Don't water the plants.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Dilute her martini. With a brick.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Rake the leaves into your neighbor's yard.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Let your shirttail hang out.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Put your sneakers in the refrigerator.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Breed rats.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Ignore everybody.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Go to the grocery and squish the fruits.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Butter the floor.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Dropkick a poodle.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Pull wings off flies.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Don't clean up after making your peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Trip a grandmother.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Turn on the sprinkler at a lawn party.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Clog the sink.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Ruin the punchline.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Be obnoxious.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Spread vicious rumors.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Put Superglue(TM) on the keycaps.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Enroll your friends in record clubs.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Don't use deodorant.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Use all the hot water.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Reveal the petticoats.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Call somebody up at 3am.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Don't wipe your feet.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Stick your hand in the clam dip.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Step on some feet.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Talk gibberish during serious conversation.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Conduct an empirical test to find the strength of your host's glasses.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Shout in the library.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Forget your mother's birthday.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Toss babies.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Burp.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Stare at somebody.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Break something.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Snore in a church.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Spray-paint someone's eyeglasses.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Paint your house chartreuse with pink trim.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Stomp through the flower bed.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Carry a pork chop in your pocket for three weeks.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Sing at the dinner table.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Poke people.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Don't leave a tip.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Cut the clothesline.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Scream in the dentist's office.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Put ink in the White-Out bottle.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Eat onions.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Stand in front of the TV.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Bite people.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Sneak up on people.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Put piranhas in the swimming pool.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Stray into other people's snapshots.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Practice "Chopsticks" with the windows open.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Teach someone tape-based batch Fortran.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Don't buy any Christmas presents.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Reveal the ending.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Leave a cow on your neighbor's porch.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Litter.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Drop your hors d'oeuvre and grind it into the carpet.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Point at people.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Put stones in all the shoes.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Smoke large black cigars.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Scratch someone's favorite record.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Squirt water through your teeth.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Never remember anyone's name.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Clip your toenails in public.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Throw waterbombs.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Hoard overdue library books.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Wake someone up violently.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Eat someone else's lunch.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Demoralize your friends.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Deliver lectures on abstinence and temperance.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Take up two parking places.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Press all the buttons in the elevator.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Say "I can do that better than you."
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Leave a ring in the bathtub.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Put salt in his contact-lens solution.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Constantly interrupt.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Encroach on someone's turf.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Don't wipe your feet.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Use all the toilet paper.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Scrape your fingernails across the blackboard.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Wake up a professor.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Go wild with shaving cream.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Saw the leg off a chair.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Write insincere love letters.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Snitch.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Throw a tomato.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Don't train your Doberman.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Eat sloppily.
Here are some things to do when you're in a less than happy mood: Throw your chewing gum on the floor.
