List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 1. Cover your stump before you hump.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 2. Before you attack her, wrap your wrapper.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 3. Don't be silly, protect your willy.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 4. When in doubt, shroud your spout.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 5. Don't be a loner, cover your boner.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 6. You can't go wrong if you shield your dong.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 7. If you're not going to sack it, go home and whack it.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 8. If you think she's spunky, cover your monkey.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 9. If you slip between her thighs, be sure to condomize.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 10. It will be sweeter if you wrap your peter.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 11. She won't get sick if you wrap your dick
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 12. If you go into heat, package your meat.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 13. While you're undressing venus, dress up that penis.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 14. When you take of her pants and blouse, be sure to suit up your trouser 
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week     mouse.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 15. Especially in December, gift wrap your member.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 16. Never, never deck her with an unwrapped pecker.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 17. Don't be a fool, vulcanize your tool.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 18. The right selection!  Protect your erection.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 19. Wrap it in foil before checking her oil.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 20. A crank with armor will never harm her.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 21. If yo really love her, wear a cover.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 22. Don't make a mistake!  Muzzle your snake.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 23. Sex is cleaner with a packaged wiener.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 24. If you can't shield your rocket, leave it in your pocket.
List of possible slogans promoting National Condom Week 25. No glove, No love.
