Oxymoron : Sound of Silence       
Oxymoron : Dream Reality        
Oxymoron : Clear As Mud        
Oxymoron : Near Miss
Oxymoron : Military Intelligence  
Oxymoron : Led Zeppelin         
Oxymoron : Perfectly Wrong     
Oxymoron : Weather Forcast
Oxymoron : Icy Hot                
Oxymoron : Same Difference      
Oxymoron : Sun Shower          
Oxymoron : Plastic Straw
Oxymoron : Wicked Good            
Oxymoron : Divorce Court        
Oxymoron : Postal Service      
Oxymoron : Pretty Ugly
Oxymoron : Real Phony             
Oxymoron : Jumbo Shrimp         
Oxymoron : House Ethics        
Oxymoron : Cold as Hell
Oxymoron : Void Where Prohibited  
Oxymoron : Plastic Silverware   
Oxymoron : TV News             
Oxymoron : Studying Together
Oxymoron : Budget Resolution      
Oxymoron : Senatorial Courtesy  
Oxymoron : Government Worker
Oxymoron : Small Fortune          
Oxymoron : Required Elective    
Oxymoron : Luxury Bus
Oxymoron : Bittersweet            
Oxymoron : Peppermint           
Oxymoron : War Games
Oxymoron : When large numbers of men are unable to find work, unemployment results. Calvin Coolidge
Oxymoron : For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like. Abraham Lincoln
Oxymoron : That that is is.
Oxymoron : Why is this thus ? What is the reason for this thusness ?
Oxymoron : Artemus Ward
Oxymoron : Ah well, they say its not as bad as they say it is.
Oxymoron : Black Light
Oxymoron : I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Oxymoron : Left Handed Screwdrivers.
Oxymoron : Striped paint.
Oxymoron : Pigeon's milk.
Oxymoron : Straight hooks.
Oxymoron : Cooking glue.
Oxymoron : It was as bad as being up a creek in a barbed wire canoe.
Oxymoron : ...about as useful as a chocolate teapot.
Oxymoron : I want my bedroom painted sky-blue pink.
Oxymoron : compulsory volunteers
Oxymoron : college student
Oxymoron : jumbo shrimp
Oxymoron : That shoe fits him like a glove.
Oxymoron : I wouldn't be paranoid if everyone didn't pick on me.
Oxymoron : Plastic lemons, rubber bones, bricked-up windows, artificial grass, plastic flowers, invisible ink.
Oxymoron : People have one thing in common: they are all different.
Oxymoron : It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech. Mark Twain
Oxymoron : The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be. Paul Valery
Oxymoron : When one has good health it is not serious to be ill. Francis Blanche
Oxymoron : Is there life before death ? Belfast Graffito
Oxymoron : Often it is fatal to live too long. Racine
Oxymoron : The first condition of immortality is death. Stanislaw Lec
Oxymoron : As famous as the unknown soldier.
Oxymoron : Anyone who isn't confused here doesn't really know what's going on.
Oxymoron : I must follow the people. Am I not their leader ? Benjamin Disraeli
Oxymoron : The saddest moment in a person's life comes but once.
Oxymoron : A commercial traveller was passing through a small town when he came upon a huge funeral procession. "Who died?" he asked a nearby local. "I'm not sure," replied the local, " but I think its the one in the coffin."
Oxymoron : The dumplings in a dream are not dumplings, only dreams.
Oxymoron : He lived his life to the end.
Oxymoron : You always find something in the last place you look.
Oxymoron : A woman met a man walking along the street wearing only one shoe. "Just lost a shoe ?" she asked. He answered, "Nope, just found one."
Oxymoron : Classified add: For Sale: Man's suit, perfect fit.
Oxymoron : It is well to remember that the entire universe, with one trifling exception, is composed of others. John Andrew Holmes
Oxymoron : Some painters transform the sun into a yelow spot; others transform a yellow spot into the sun. Pablo Picasso
Oxymoron : Beyond each corner new directions lie in wait. Stanislaw Lec
Oxymoron : My play was a complete success. The audience was a failure.
Oxymoron : My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot. Ashleigh Brilliant
Oxymoron : A man can do what he wants, but not want what he wants. Arthur Schoperhauer
Oxymoron : Brain: an apparatus with which we think we think. Ambrose Bierce
Oxymoron : You can observe a lot just by watchin'. Yogi Berra
Oxymoron : In these matters the only certainty is that nothing is certain. Pliny the Elder
Oxymoron : The English certainly and fiercly pride themselves in never praising themselves. Wyndham Lewis
Oxymoron : I have made mistakes, but have never made the mistake of claiming I never made one. James G. Bennet
Oxymoron : Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history. George Bernard Shaw
Oxymoron : Trapped, like a trap in a trap. Dorothy Parker
Oxymoron : I am not sincere, even when I say I am not. Jules Renard
Oxymoron : You've no idea of what a poor opinion I have of myself, and how little I deserve it. W.S. Gilbert
Oxymoron : Great Rules for writing from William Safire in the New York Times.
Oxymoron : Do not put statements in the negative form. And don't start sentences with a conjunction. It is incumbent on one to avoid archaisms. If you reread your work, you will find on rereading that a great deal of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing. Never use a long word when a diminutive one will do. Unqualified superlatives are the worst of all. De-accession euphemisms. If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is. Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky. Never, ever use repetitive redundancies. Also, avoid awkward or affected alliteration. Last, but not least, avoid cliche's like the plague.
Oxymoron : I used to be indecisive, now I'm not sure.
Oxymoron : Graffitti seen in Pompeii : Everyone writes on the walls but me.
Oxymoron : Hypochondria is the one disease I have not got.
Oxymoron : Procrastinate now!
Oxymoron : I've told you for the fifty-thousandth time, stop exagerating.
Oxymoron : Young Man: Why do philosophers ask so many questions? Old Philosopher: Why shouldn't philosophers ask so many questions?
Oxymoron : What is the world to a man who's wife is a widow.
Oxymoron : A stone was placed at a ford in a river with the inscription: "When this stone is covered it is dangerous to ford here."
Oxymoron : In the city today the temperature rose to 180 degrees. This sudden rise of temperature was responsible for the intolerable heat.
Oxymoron : "Have you lived in this village all your life?" "No, not yet."
Oxymoron : "Who is the oldest inhabitant of this village?" "We haven't got one; we had one, but he died three weeks ago."
Oxymoron : "Hey, somebody cut the end off this rope!"
Oxymoron : "Hey, Trixie, what's your earliest memory?" "Umm... I don't remember!"
Oxymoron : Overheard in hotel: "It's eight o'clock, sir!" "Why the devil didn't you tell me that before?"
Oxymoron : Inform all the troops that communications have completely broken down. Ashleigh Brilliant
Oxymoron : There is only one difference between a madman and me. I am not mad. Salvador Dali
Oxymoron : Nobody goes to that restaurant anymore. It's too crowded.
Oxymoron : Just the omission of Jane Austen's books alone would make a fairly good library out of a library that hadn't a book in it. Mark Twain
Oxymoron : I tripped over a hole that was sticking up out of the ground.
Oxymoron : Quotes from Samuel Goldwyn, immigrant turned famous movie producer:
Oxymoron : Quick as a flashlight.
Oxymoron : It rolled off my back like a duck.
Oxymoron : (When told his son was getting married) Thank heaven. A bachelor's life is no life for a single man.
Oxymoron : A hospital is no place to be sick.
Oxymoron : Our comedies are not to be laughed at.
Oxymoron : I can give you a definite perhaps.
Oxymoron : (when told a script was full of old cliches) Let's have some new cliches.
Oxymoron : ("You say you've never mad a picture before?") Yes, but that's our strongest weak point.
Oxymoron : Gentleman, include me out.
Oxymoron : A verbal contract is'nt worth the paper its printed on.
Oxymoron : I can tell you in two words: im possible.
Oxymoron : (on being told that a friend had named his son Sam, after him) Why did you do that ? Every Tom, Dick and Harry is named Sam!
Oxymoron : I paid too much for it, but its worth it.
Oxymoron : Gentlemen, for your information, I have a question to ask you.
Oxymoron : I read part of it all the way through.
Oxymoron : If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive.
Oxymoron : I never put on a pair of shoes until I've worn them at least five years.
Oxymoron : Let's bring it up to date with some snappy nineteenth century dialogue.
Oxymoron : Goldwyn: What kind of dancing does Martha Graham do? Associate: Modern dancing. Goldwyn: I don't want her then, modern dancing is so old fashioned.
Oxymoron : I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead.
Oxymoron : Bookkeeper: Mr. Goldwyn, our files are bulging with paperwork we no longer need. May I have your permission to destroy all records before 1945? Goldwyn: Certainly. Just be sure to keep a copy of everything.
Oxymoron : Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
Oxymoron : (on a film set of a tenement) Goldwyn : Why is everything so dirty here? Director : Because it's supposed to be a slum area. Goldwyn : Well, this slum cost a lot of money. It should look better than an ordinary slum.
Oxymoron : Gentlemen, listen to me slowly.
Oxymoron : That's the trouble with directors - always biting the hand that lays the golden egg.
Oxymoron : Keep a stiff upper chin.
Oxymoron : We have all passed a lot of water since then.
Oxymoron : ... we have that Indian scene. We can get the Indians from the resevoir.
