T Shirt sayings -Son of Baglady 
T Shirt sayings -Pity the poor egg: it only gets laid once
T Shirt sayings -The Hunchback of Notre Dame's secret mantra: Oh mommy pat my hump.
T Shirt sayings -What's good for Ugoose is good for Uganda.
T Shirt sayings -We have them just where they want us. J. T. Kirk -I'd rather have Lockheed deliver the mail than ride around in a plane built by the post office.
T Shirt sayings -Just because you're not paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you.
T Shirt sayings -I figure I'm pretty good with the bullshit but I love listening to an expert. Keep talking.
T Shirt sayings -Money can't buy happiness but it can certainly rent it for a couple of hours.
T Shirt sayings -The meek shall inherit the Earth after we're done with it.
T Shirt sayings -The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss. Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxie -Love is blind but like is just too freaked out to see straight.
T Shirt sayings -Reality is a crutch for people who can't face drugs.
T Shirt sayings -When guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns. Art Denman -Sex is a disrobic experience
T Shirt sayings -Beam me up, Scotty. There's no intelligent life down here. J.T. Kirk -Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. Albert Einstein -Time flies when you don't know what you're doing.
T Shirt sayings -Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
T Shirt sayings -We are the people our parents warned us about.
T Shirt sayings -Don't take life too seriously. You'll never get out of it alive.
T Shirt sayings -Lead me not into temptation. I can find it myself.
T Shirt sayings -How much sin can I get away with and still go to heaven?
T Shirt sayings -There is intelligent life on Earth, but I'm just visiting.
T Shirt sayings -Power means not having to respond.
T Shirt sayings -Onward, through the fog.
T Shirt sayings -Never kick a man unless he's down.
T Shirt sayings -Everything you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
T Shirt sayings -We should forgive our enemies, but only after they've been taken out and shot.
T Shirt sayings -The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that you've got it made.
T Shirt sayings -I'm not as dumb as you look.
T Shirt sayings -I'd like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
T Shirt sayings -Everyone needs belief in something. I believe I'll have another beer.
T Shirt sayings -How can I love you if you won't lie down?
T Shirt sayings -I'd rather be pissed off than pissed on.
T Shirt sayings -You can find sympathy between shit and syphilis in the dictionary.
T Shirt sayings -When in charge, ponder. When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate.
T Shirt sayings -To err is human. To forgive is unusual.
T Shirt sayings -Only those who attempt the absurd can acheive the impossible.
T Shirt sayings -I'm not going deaf. I'm ignoring you.
T Shirt sayings -I'm the person your mother warned you about.
T Shirt sayings -How can I tell you I love you when you're sitting on my face?
T Shirt sayings -God is dead and I want His job.
T Shirt sayings -Work is the curse of the drinking class.
T Shirt sayings -I can tell you're lying. Your lips are moving.
T Shirt sayings -Our parents were never our age.
T Shirt sayings -Nothing was ever accomplished by a reasonable person.
T Shirt sayings -There's nothing more restful than taking orders from fools.
T Shirt sayings -Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
T Shirt sayings -In the country of the blind the one eye'd man is king.
T Shirt sayings -He who laughs last has not been told the terrible truth.
T Shirt sayings -It's hard to soar like an eagle when you're surrounded by turkeys.
T Shirt sayings -When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad I'm better. Mae West -I'm really enjoying not talking to you, so let's not talk again real soon, okay?
T Shirt sayings -He who laughs last didn't get the joke.
T Shirt sayings -Obviously the only rational solution to your problem is suicide.
T Shirt sayings -You can't fall off the floor.
T Shirt sayings -Death is the greatest kick of all. That's why they save it for last.
T Shirt sayings -Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me. Mae West -I'm not prejudiced. I hate everyone equally.
T Shirt sayings -I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
T Shirt sayings -I used to be lost in the shuffle. Now I just shuffle along with the lost.
T Shirt sayings -Yesterday was the deadline on all complaints.
T Shirt sayings -Work fascinates me. I could sit and watch it for hours.
T Shirt sayings -Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing.
T Shirt sayings -I worship the ground that awaits you.
T Shirt sayings -The future isn't what it used to be.
T Shirt sayings -I wish you were a beer.
T Shirt sayings -I want to live forever or die in the attempt.
T Shirt sayings -Love means telling you why you're sorry.
T Shirt sayings -Love your enemies. It'll make 'em crazy.
T Shirt sayings -Sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma.
T Shirt sayings -I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent.
T Shirt sayings -I'm having a party in my pants. Want to come?
T Shirt sayings -Why be difficult when with a bit of effort you can be impossible?
T Shirt sayings -Perfect paranoia is perfect awareness.
T Shirt sayings -Better dead than mellow.
T Shirt sayings -If I follow you home will you keep me?
T Shirt sayings -A day without fusion is like a day without sunshine.
T Shirt sayings -There is no gravity. The Earth sucks.
T Shirt sayings -Buerocrats do not change the course of the ship of state. They merely adjust the compass.
T Shirt sayings -The difference between meat and fish is that if you beat your fish it dies
T Shirt sayings -It's better to have a gun and not need it than to need a gun and not have it.
T Shirt sayings -You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word.
T Shirt sayings -Don't think of organ donations as giving up part of yourself to keep a total stranger alive. It's really a total stranger giving up almost all of themselves to keep part of you alive.
T Shirt sayings -The number of people watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of your action.
T Shirt sayings -Drink wet cement: Get Stoned.
T Shirt sayings -Kite fliers keep it up longer.
T Shirt sayings -My human experiance is just beginning (This one on a little kid's shirt)
T Shirt sayings -If you don't know what you're doing, do it neatly.
T Shirt sayings -An easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful than a complex, incomprehesable truth.
T Shirt sayings -You have a right to your opinions. I just don't want to hear them. (Anon) -Eat a live toad in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you for the rest of the day.
T Shirt sayings -Farmhands Feel Better (ron mcdowell) -Nuke the whales
T Shirt sayings -Join the Army: travel to exotic distant lands; meet exciting, unusual people and kill them.
T Shirt sayings -We'll get along fine as soon as you realize I'm God.
T Shirt sayings -Life is like a shit sandwich. The more bread you have, the less shit you have to eat.
T Shirt sayings -I don't know. I don't care. And it doesn't make any difference.
T Shirt sayings -Those of you who think they know everything are very annoying to those of us who do.
T Shirt sayings -When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I've never tried before.
T Shirt sayings -It's not that you and I are so clever, but that the others are such fools.
T Shirt sayings -If you can't dazzle 'em with brilliance, baffle 'em with bullshit.
T Shirt sayings -I'm not cynical. Just experianced.
T Shirt sayings -The torture never stops.
T Shirt sayings -Ignore alien orders.
T Shirt sayings -I know you think you uderstood what I said, but what you heard was not what I meant.
T Shirt sayings -I'm not wearing any underwear. Film at 11.
T Shirt sayings -Bend over. I'll drive.
T Shirt sayings -Save our beaches. Harpoon a fat chick.
T Shirt sayings -We dive at five.
T Shirt sayings -I'd walk over you to see the Who.
T Shirt sayings -It's hard to be humble when you're as great as I am.
T Shirt sayings -I'm for lust.
T Shirt sayings -I want a meal, not a snack.
T Shirt sayings -Bullshit Detector. When alarm sounds, please re-engage your brain.
T Shirt sayings -The word today is Legs ... Spread the word.
T Shirt sayings -Biodegradeable
